pages/index.md, before:

---
title: List of Sergio del Amo projects
summary: Links to Sergio del Amo's projects
date_published: 2020-11-20T10:24:00+01:00
date_modified: 2021-09-23T06:19:05+01:00
---

Read my [blog]([%url]/blog/index.html) or subscribe to the feed [RSS]([%url]/rss.xml) or [JSON]([%url]/feed.json).

## 🎙Podcast

[Código Bot](https://codigobot.com/index.html) - A podcast in Spanish where I talk with [Kini](https://kinisoftware.com) about Programming, Voice assistants, Chat Bots, Productivity, Open Source, Community ...

## 🐘 Gradle Plugins

- [Build Info Gradle Plugin](https://sdelamo.github.io/build-info-gradle-plugin/index.html)  
Gradle plugin to generate a build-info.properties file. To be used in combination with the info endpoint of  a Micronaut app. 

- [Podcast Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/sdelamo/podcast-gradle-plugin) 
Gradle plugin to generate a Podcast RSS feed.

## 🖥 Micronaut Java Libraries

- [Micronaut Pushover](https://github.com/sdelamo/pushover). A Micronaut Java library to consume the Pushover API.

- [Micronaut Euro Rates](https://github.com/sdelamo/eurorates/). Micronaut Java library to consume Euro foreign exchange rates XML feed published by the European Central bank.

- [Micronaut Curated API](https://sdelamo.github.io/curatedapi/index.html)  
Micronaut Java library to consume [Curated](https://curated.co) API. 

## 🤖 💬 Chatbots

- [Telegram @ForeignExchangeRatesBot](https://exchangeratesbot.com). A telegram bot to help you obtain foreign exchange rates published by the European Central Bank.

- [@PodcastCodigoBot](https://t.me/PodcastCodigoBot). A telegram bot about [Código Bot podcast](https://codigobot.com/004.html)

## 📨 Newsletter

I write [Groovy Calamari](https://groovycalamari.com). A curated email publication full of interesting, relevant links about Microservices, Micronaut and Groovy Ecosystem (Grails, Gradle, ...).

## 👨🏼‍🏫 Greach Conf

I organize [Greach Conf](https://greachconf). A conference around microservices, JVM frameworks (Quarkus, SpringBoot, Grails, Geb, Spock, Griffon, Ratpack) & JVM Languages (Java, Groovy, Kotlin, Micronaut,  ... ).

Commit message:

Link to the micronaut podcast

pages/index.md, after:

---
title: List of Sergio del Amo projects
summary: Links to Sergio del Amo's projects
date_published: 2020-11-20T10:24:00+01:00
date_modified: 2021-09-23T06:19:05+01:00
---

Read my [blog]([%url]/blog/index.html) or subscribe to the feed [RSS]([%url]/rss.xml) or [JSON]([%url]/feed.json).

## 🎙Podcasts

- [The Micronaut Podcast](https://micronautpodcast.com) - A podcast in English where I am joined by a guest. Episodes cover a variety of topics (interviews, tips, news...) surrounding the Micronaut framework

- [Código Bot](https://codigobot.com/index.html) - A podcast in Spanish where I talk with [Kini](https://kinisoftware.com) about Programming, Voice assistants, Chat Bots, Productivity, Open Source, Community ...

## 🐘 Gradle Plugins

- [Build Info Gradle Plugin](https://sdelamo.github.io/build-info-gradle-plugin/index.html)  
Gradle plugin to generate a build-info.properties file. To be used in combination with the info endpoint of  a Micronaut app. 

- [Podcast Gradle Plugin](https://github.com/sdelamo/podcast-gradle-plugin)   
Gradle plugin to generate a Podcast RSS feed.

## 🖥 Micronaut Java Libraries

- [Micronaut Pushover](https://github.com/sdelamo/pushover). A Micronaut Java library to consume the Pushover API.

- [Micronaut Euro Rates](https://github.com/sdelamo/eurorates/). Micronaut Java library to consume Euro foreign exchange rates XML feed published by the European Central bank.

- [Micronaut Curated API](https://sdelamo.github.io/curatedapi/index.html)  
Micronaut Java library to consume [Curated](https://curated.co) API. 

## 🤖 💬 Chatbots

- [Telegram @ForeignExchangeRatesBot](https://exchangeratesbot.com). A telegram bot to help you obtain foreign exchange rates published by the European Central Bank.

- [@PodcastCodigoBot](https://t.me/PodcastCodigoBot). A telegram bot about [Código Bot podcast](https://codigobot.com/004.html)

## 📨 Newsletter

I write [Groovy Calamari](https://groovycalamari.com). A curated email publication full of interesting, relevant links about Microservices, Micronaut and Groovy Ecosystem (Grails, Gradle, ...).

## 👨🏼‍🏫 Greach Conf

I organize [Greach Conf](https://greachconf). A conference around microservices, JVM frameworks (Quarkus, SpringBoot, Grails, Geb, Spock, Griffon, Ratpack) & JVM Languages (Java, Groovy, Kotlin, Micronaut,  ... ).
