posts/presentation-micronaut-security.md, before:

---
title: Security in the Micronaut® Framework
summary: This talk introduces Micronaut Security, a fully featured and customizable security solution for your applications.
date_published: 2022-01-28T17:28:31+01:00
keywords:presentation,micronaut
---

# [%title]

Similar presentation at [GRConf 2019](https://sergiodelamo.com/sergiodelamo.com/blog/gr8eu-2019-micronaut-security.html). 

---

In this session, [Sergio del Amo](https://sergiodelamo.com) introduces [Micronaut Security](https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/guide/), a fully-featured and customizable security solution for your applications.

Topics include:

- Authentication (Basic Auth, Cookie-based, Session-based, Bearer, LDAP, X.509)
- Access authenticated user
- Security Configuration (@Secured, Intercept URL map, and more)
- OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code, Client Credentials, Password Credentials grants)
- OpenID Connect (integration with third-party OAuth 2.0 server providers: Auth0, Okta, Keycloak, Amazon Cognito)
- JWT (signing, validation, generation, JWKS)
- Token Propagation
- Security Events

Discover how easy it is to work with Micronaut Security and learn how to tailor it to your needs.

Sergio del Amo is a Micronaut core committer,  Developer Advocate for the Micronaut Foundation, and host of the [Micronaut podcast](https://micronautpodcast.com).

## Note to Organizer

This content can be a talk or a workshop. 

## Target Attendees

Everyone is welcome. However, we recommend attendees have at least a working familiarity with web development, HTTP, Java, and JVM development frameworks, such as Grails and Spring Boot. Experience with Micronaut is a plus, but not required.

## Technical Requirements

For the lab exercises, you will need JDK 11 and IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition or Ultimate.

Commit message:

add elevator pitch to security presentation

posts/presentation-micronaut-security.md, after:

---
title: Security in the Micronaut® Framework
summary: This talk introduces Micronaut Security, a fully featured and customizable security solution for your applications.
date_published: 2022-01-28T17:28:31+01:00
keywords:presentation,micronaut
---

# [%title]

Similar presentation at [GRConf 2019](https://sergiodelamo.com/sergiodelamo.com/blog/gr8eu-2019-micronaut-security.html). 

---

In this session, [Sergio del Amo](https://sergiodelamo.com) introduces [Micronaut Security](https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/guide/), a fully-featured and customizable security solution for your applications.

Topics include:

- Authentication (Basic Auth, Cookie-based, Session-based, Bearer, LDAP, X.509)
- Access authenticated user
- Security Configuration (@Secured, Intercept URL map, and more)
- OAuth 2.0 (Authorization Code, Client Credentials, Password Credentials grants)
- OpenID Connect (integration with third-party OAuth 2.0 server providers: Auth0, Okta, Keycloak, Amazon Cognito)
- JWT (signing, validation, generation, JWKS)
- Token Propagation
- Security Events

Discover how easy it is to work with Micronaut Security and learn how to tailor it to your needs.

Sergio del Amo is a Micronaut core committer,  Developer Advocate for the Micronaut Foundation, and host of the [Micronaut podcast](https://micronautpodcast.com).

## Elevator Pitch

Every application needs security. In this talk, attendees discover how easy it is to work with Micronaut Security and learn how to tailor it to your needs.

## Note to Organizer

This content can be a talk or a workshop. 

## Target Attendees

Everyone is welcome. However, we recommend attendees have at least a working familiarity with web development, HTTP, Java, and JVM development frameworks, such as Grails and Spring Boot. Experience with Micronaut is a plus, but not required.

## Technical Requirements

For the lab exercises, you will need JDK 11 and IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition or Ultimate.
