posts/presentation-micronaut-introduction.md, before:

---
title: Introduction to the Micronaut Framework
summary: This talk introduces the Micronaut framework and demonstrates how Micronaut’s unique compile-time approach enables the development of ultra-lightweight Microservices for Java. 
date_published: 2022-01-28T17:28:31+01:00
keywords:presentation,micronaut
---

# [%title]

Similar presentation presented at [Bucharest JUG](https://sergiodelamo.com/blog/micronaut-webinar-bucharest-2021-09-16.html), [Manchester JUG](https://sergiodelamo.com/blog/micronaut-webinar-manchester-2022-03-17.html), [Merida JUG (Spanish talk)](https://sergiodelamo.com/blog/jugmerida-intro-to-micronaut.html).

In this session, [Sergio del Amo](https://sergiodelamo.com) introduces the Micronaut framework and demonstrates how Micronaut’s unique compile-time approach enables the development of ultra-lightweight Java applications. 

Compelling aspects of the Micronaut framework include:

- Sub-second startup time
- Small processes that can run in as little as 10 MB of JVM heap
- No runtime reflection
- Dependency Injection and AOP
- Reflection-free serialization 
- A database access toolkit that uses Ahead of Time (AoT) compilation to pre-compute queries for repository interfaces.
- Cloud-Native

Sergio will also demonstrate how you can generate GraalVM native images of your Micronaut applications to achieve instant startup and ultra-low memory footprint.

Sergio del Amo is a Micronaut core committer,  developer advocate, and host of the [Micronaut podcast](https://micronautpodcast.com).

# Elevator Pitch

This talk is a live coding presentation of the Micronaut framework. Attendees will discover the most exciting features of [the framework](https://micronaut.io) and how easy is to get started.

Commit message:

update introduction to Micronaut framework

posts/presentation-micronaut-introduction.md, after:

---
title: Getting Started with the Micronaut® Framework
summary: This talk introduces the Micronaut framework and demonstrates how the Framework's unique compile-time approach enables the development of ultra-lightweight Java applications. 
date_published: 2022-01-28T17:28:31+01:00
keywords:presentation,micronaut
---

# [%title]

I did a similar presentation at [Bucharest JUG](https://sergiodelamo.com/blog/micronaut-webinar-bucharest-2021-09-16.html), [Merida JUG (Spanish talk)](https://sergiodelamo.com/blog/jugmerida-intro-to-micronaut.html).
 
In this session, [Sergio del Amo](https://sergiodelamo.com) introduces the [Micronaut® framework](https://micronaut.io) and demonstrates how the Framework's unique compile-time approach enables the development of ultra-lightweight Java applications.

Compelling aspects of the Micronaut framework include:

- Develop applications with Java, Kotlin, or Apache Groovy
- Sub-second startup time
- Small processes that can run in as little as 10 MB of JVM heap
- No runtime reflection
- Dependency injection and AOP
- Reflection-free serialization 
- A database access toolkit that uses ahead-of-time (AoT) compilation to pre-compute queries for repository interfaces.
- Cloud-native features

Sergio also demonstrates how you can generate GraalVM native images of your Micronaut applications to achieve instant startup and ultra-low memory footprint.

Sergio del Amo is a Micronaut core committer,  Developer Advocate for the Micronaut Foundation, and host of the [Micronaut podcast](https://micronautpodcast.com).

# Elevator Pitch

This talk demonstrates how easy it is to get started with the [Micronaut Framework](https://micronaut.io) through live-coding examples. Attendees will discover the most exciting features of the Framework and leave with the fundamentals necessary to begin building Micronaut applications.
